README.md, before:

# React & Typescript Qualification

This course is completely free and hosted on github. Its main intention is to take an engineer with intermediate to good Javascript skills and turn them into a React/Typescript badass. The course contains 5 sections each focusing on a different area and technology. Once this course is complete you will have enough knowledge and context to pick up other technologies and grow your React toolbelt.

From section 2 you will take the app you worked on and evolve it one step at a time. The code folder will give you an example of the expected end result. 

Please post any issues you have with the example code, course format or typos ... typos are my thing ...

## Breakdown

#### **Stage 1**: Typescript Proficiency

in this stage you will consume the vaarious pieces of media to develop a good basic working understanding of Typescript and how its used.

#### **Stage 2**: React API Proficiency

In this section you will build a bare bones github app using react in its simplest form.

#### **Stage 3**: Understanding Atomic & SOLID Patterns

In this stage you will take your github app, style it and apply atomic and SOLID design principles.

#### **Stage 4**: Storybooks API Proficiency

In this stage you will continue the evolution of your app by adding storybooks to it

#### **Stage 5**: Testing Approach & Patterns

In the final stage we will abstract fucntions and apply testing practises.


## Assumptions

This course assumes a certain level of knowledge. This is not a 0 to mastery course as its intended to supercharge engineers that already contain a working knowledge of software engineering practises. If you are coming at this from a different field or speciality please contact me directly for advice on what gaps need to be plugged before you start. 

#### Required:

- Basic to Intermediate Javascript
- Good understanding of HTML and CSS
- Understanding of the Browser > Server relationship
- Understanding of Git, Github/Bitbucket and their surrounding workflows
- Electricity 
- Eyes

#### Useful to have:

- Exposure to Typescript
- Exposure to Javascript frameworks
- Exposure to API’s and Async work flows

# Tips
- There is an easter egg somewhere in this project. 
- The code is heavily commented please feel free to read through it. 
- Remember to take the app you build in each section to the next section to continue its evolution.

Commit message:

Remove "intermediate" and use a better term

README.md, after:

# React & Typescript Qualification

This course is completely free and hosted on github. Its main intention is to take an engineer with some experience in Javascript and turn them into a React/Typescript badass. The course contains 5 sections each focusing on a different area and technology. Once this course is complete you will have enough knowledge and context to pick up other technologies and grow your React toolbelt.

From section 2 you will take the app you worked on and evolve it one step at a time. The code folder will give you an example of the expected end result. 

Please post any issues you have with the example code, course format or typos ... typos are my thing ...

## Breakdown

#### **Stage 1**: Typescript Proficiency

in this stage you will consume the vaarious pieces of media to develop a good basic working understanding of Typescript and how its used.

#### **Stage 2**: React API Proficiency

In this section you will build a bare bones github app using react in its simplest form.

#### **Stage 3**: Understanding Atomic & SOLID Patterns

In this stage you will take your github app, style it and apply atomic and SOLID design principles.

#### **Stage 4**: Storybooks API Proficiency

In this stage you will continue the evolution of your app by adding storybooks to it

#### **Stage 5**: Testing Approach & Patterns

In the final stage we will abstract fucntions and apply testing practises.


## Assumptions

This course assumes a certain level of knowledge. This is not a 0 to mastery course as its intended to supercharge engineers that already contain a working knowledge of software engineering practises. If you are coming at this from a different field or speciality please contact me directly for advice on what gaps need to be plugged before you start. 

#### Required:

- Some experience with Javascript
- Good understanding of HTML and CSS
- Understanding of the Browser > Server relationship
- Understanding of Git, Github/Bitbucket and their surrounding workflows
- Electricity 
- Eyes

#### Useful to have:

- Exposure to Typescript
- Exposure to Javascript frameworks
- Exposure to API’s and Async work flows

# Tips
- There is an easter egg somewhere in this project. 
- The code is heavily commented please feel free to read through it. 
- Remember to take the app you build in each section to the next section to continue its evolution.
